Regex fix (#17158)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonTypes/ReleaseNotes/3_2_3.md

#### Indicator Types

> - **urlRep**: Fixed an issue where regex failed to parse url addresses.

Reviewer: Let's elaborate on the fixed introduced here, like the support for ipv6 and the rest.

#### Indicator Types

> - **urlRep**: Updated the regex relevant catching URL addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **urlRep**: Updated the URL indicator regex with the following:
```

    - Added support to IPV6.

>     - Fixed an issue where the regex would not catch valid URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fixed an issue where the regex did not catch valid URLs.
```
